>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
already in database
>> a peru lima
already in database
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
already in database
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
not in database
>> d ecuador
not in database
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
already in database
>> a peru lima
already in database
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
already in database
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
already in database
>> a peru lima
already in database
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
not in database
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
not in database
>> d ecuador
not in database
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
already in database
>> a peru lima
already in database
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
already in database
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
not in database
>> d ecuador
not in database
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
not in database
>> d ecuador
not in database
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
already in database
>> a peru lima
already in database
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
not in database
>> d ecuador
not in database
>> d venezuela
removed
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
already in database
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
not in database
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
already in database
>> a peru lima
already in database
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
already in database
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
not in database
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
not in database
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
already in database
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
already in database
>> a peru lima
already in database
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
already in database
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
not in database
>> d venezuela
removed
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
already in database
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
not in database
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
already in database
>> a peru lima
already in database
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
already in database
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
not in database
>> d ecuador
not in database
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
already in database
>> a peru lima
already in database
>> a ecuador quito
already in database
>> a venezuela caracas
already in database
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
not in database
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
not in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
already in database
>> a peru lima
already in database
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
already in database
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
not in database
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
already in database
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> a argentina buenos_aires
already in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
>> a bolivia la_paz
added
>> a peru lima
added
>> a ecuador quito
added
>> a venezuela caracas
added
>> a colombia bogota
already in database
>> d chile
removed
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
removed
>> d bolivia
removed
>> d peru
removed
>> d ecuador
removed
>> d venezuela
removed
>> d chile
not in database
>> q brasil
brasilia
>> d uruguay
not in database
>> a chile santiago
added
>> a brasil brasilia
already in database
>> a uruguay montevideo
added
